Most agent demos skip the dangerous middle step.
They jump from messy business data straight to action.
CAT Context Agent is built around a different rule:
context before action.
This is the live hackathon demo for Build with DataHub.
The input is intentionally ordinary: small-business requests with missing owners,
unclear contact fields, stale context, and different levels of risk.
CAT treats DataHub as the agent's context layer.
Before recommending work, it checks the source, schema, ownership, lineage, glossary
terms, and policy boundaries.
Then it separates the work into three lanes.
One request is safe to queue as an internal task.
One needs approval because renewal outreach has missing owner context.
One is blocked because outreach would require missing or unverified context.
The point is not just automation.
The point is accountable automation.
Every decision leaves a receipt:
what data was read, what was missing, what action was allowed, and what action was refused.
The repo includes the runnable proof path, generated DataHub-style metadata,
MCP-style read contracts, a live roundtrip harness, and judge-ready evidence.
CAT is a small prototype, but the pattern is the product:
business data becomes trusted context;
trusted context gates safe agent action;
and every action leaves a receipt.